welcome to phone savvy comms weekly
application review every week we find
new and exciting applications on the
Android Market and then share them with
you guys so you can enjoy them as well
I'll be doing a review today on the
application go keyboard which I have
located right here on my main home
screen go keyboard is an application
that is allows you to change the theme
of your keyboard just like the other
theme applications that are on the
market for your background and web
browser and so on if you access the Play
Store on your Android powered device go
ahead and type in go keyboard in the
search engine at the top and download
this application when you download the
application select the go keyboard icon
and this is the screen you'll see
there's a lot of settings that you can
change for your keyboard it basically
puts the keyboard settings right at the
front main page if you put the
application there instead of having to
go into your settings if we go up to
theme settings at the top and then touch
the select theme option first thing
you'll show you is the different themes
that you have downloaded and you can
check all the themes at the online theme
tab at the top if we select that we can
see all of the options of the different
themes available and when you find a
theme that you like go ahead and select
the download option on the right and it
will take you back to the Play Store
with that application you can download
this new theme and apply it to your
keyboard and that's what your keyboard
will look like from now on until you
change it at a different time the theme
that I currently have selected is the
Halloween theme let's go back to my Play
Store and bring up my keyboard so I've
got an orange and bat black background
here there's a lot of settings you can
change even just the font of the letters
you can change you can also input a
picture in the background which you
can't really see because the keys will
be in the way but you can have an act
you'll image in the background of your
own that a photo that you've taken from
your gallery or one that has been sent
to you so let's take a look again at all
the different settings you can change
you can manage your dictionary the
different input settings display
settings change the sound and vibration
of your keyboard so it really puts your
keyboard settings all in one one place
for you as well and then of course the
theme settings allows you to put
different backgrounds on your on your
keyboard depending on what mood you are
in
so go keyboard is the application of the
week make sure you download that
application and visit our website at
phone savvy comm to see all of our app
reviews of the best apps on the Android
Market